Update `News styling criteria` wiki article (#9492)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/News_styling_criteria/en.md

As always, all news articles should aim to have proper spelling and grammar at a bare minimum, as well as having correct and up-to-date information.

> If you are interested in contributing to the news portion of osu!, reach out on the osu! [Discord server](https://discord.gg/ppy) under the ``#osu-news`` chat room.

Author: Need opinions on whether this is enough to guide people, do we want specific people to be asked or anyone in that chat room?
Would the person inquiring need an answer from anyone specific?

Reviewer: smth like this i suppose

```suggestion
Anyone interested in contributing to or writing news posts, reach out in the `#osu-news` channel of the [osu! Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/ppy). Alternatively contact [Ephemeral](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/102335) or any active [wiki or news maintainer](/wiki/People/osu!_wiki_maintainers).
```

## Formatting

### Article file names

> News articles are markdown files (``.md``) are named under the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
News articles are markdown files (`.md`) placed in the `news` directory of the [`osu-wiki` GitHub repository](https://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki), under the following format:
```

> ``yyyy-mm-dd-<article-title>.md``

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```
news/yyyy/yyyy-mm-dd-<article-title>.md
```
````

``title`` must represent the article's full title and name, complete with any appropriate formatting. Markdown formatting is disallowed in this string.

``date`` must represent a combined string displaying a calendar date in ISO 8601 format (2017-08-17), followed by a 24-hour time string (03:00:00), followed by a time offset from UTC (+0000). This date is used to determine the "xx minutes/hours/days ago" display on the website when referring to the publishing dates of visible news articles.

### Markdown

The osu! wiki uses a partial implementation of GFM (GitHub Flavored Markdown) with the following exceptions:

- Titles

> - Headers
>   - Header levels 1 (``#``), 2 (``##``), and 3 (``###``) can be used. They have unique identifiers and can be linked directly to. Never use headers to style or format text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Headings: Heading level 1 (`#`), corresponding to an article title, must not be used, because it is provided by the front matter.
```

- Bold
- Italics
- Horizontal bar
- Tables
- Images
  - Images linked to news articles must either be hosted on osu! servers (i.e. `assets.ppy.sh`) or placed within and referenced from the `osu-wiki` shared image repository. News articles that use images have their own folder within ``/wiki/shared/news/`` using the same naming format as their filename, except for the ``.md`` suffix. Example:
  ``/wiki/shared/news/2017-08-17-news-article-standards/banner.jpg``
- Covers

>   - Cover images should have a minimum width of 900 and minimum height of 200 for their base size. A `@2x` version with each dimension doubled should be provided if the source image is large enough to support it. Cover images appearing in multiple news articles are commonly put in the `/wiki/shared/news/banners` directory. <!-- TODO: there should be a more general place to explain how and why @2x images can be used, this isn't enough info and it's not only for cover images. -->

Reviewer: this list barely contains any information since the explanations are removed

where appropriate, link terms to asc. most of these should likely be removed if there's nothing specific to news posts to say about them

Author: I was thinking to remove all of these as I do not really understand the need for most of them, as for the link I can do that but just wanted to confirm that this is something that's appropriate to have on the wiki

Author: removed the unnecessary stuff and pointed to ASC in sentence above, 545f0d9198fbeaae803d1214ffa2ef61cbc26ea1

> News articles should have a [block image](/wiki/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting#display) after the preview paragraph for use as a **cover** (sometimes called *banner*). The game client and website automatically use the first image in an article as a cover on the front page, news listing, and news article view.

Reviewer: relevant info:

- this banner should never have any alt text (the text in the square brackets of an image link)
- the paragraph immediately above the banner image is used as the preview

```suggestion
News articles should have a [block image](/wiki/Article_styling_criteria/Formatting#display) after the preview paragraph for use as a **banner** (a.k.a. *cover*). The game client and website automatically use the first image in an article as a banner on the front page, news listing, and news article view.
```

Author: let me know if the latest push is ok with you

Where `<input>` is the file name to be compressed and `<output>` is the compressed file name.

> Alternatively, [this site](https://ezgif.com/) can be used to convert & optimise images.

Author: I've been using this site for years and never had any issues with it (easy to use, no ads). I generally found it easier to use over jpeg-archive (I couldn't even set it up), I want to know if this is something you would consider adding.

Author: addressed in 545f0d9198fbeaae803d1214ffa2ef61cbc26ea1

#### Captions

> Images are not soft-captioned using Markdown except in stylistic circumstances. They may be hard-captioned where contextually appropriate.

Reviewer: this part is irrelevant, unclear and should be removed

the part below this about alt text should be merged with the part about news post banners

Author: removed in 545f0d9198fbeaae803d1214ffa2ef61cbc26ea1

``<center>`` tag use (or any equivalent styling such as ``<p align='center'>``) is disallowed due to the news system styling automatically centring non-text elements.

> The width of all embedded content frames must be set to ``width: 95%``. To be included in articles in general, embedded content must support display at full-width styling without breaking or looking awful.

Author: As per Wala's checklist this should be 95% and not 100%
